




       

           Some PO writes 1 user story for 1 function, and creates several sub-task for the different layers. 

           As a user, i should be able to upload a file. 
             Sub-task 1:  UI upload a file
             Sub-task 2:  DB upload a file
             Sub-task 3: API upload a file

















-----------------
Asya can we create one test plan and start with it but in a process  of running to add changes or  modifications to it?..

- yes, we can make changes while we are working on againts our test plan 





Step 3 of STLC -> test case 

When do we write a test case? 
 
 - whenever you have a user story to test. 


So we write a test case based on AC? 

  one test case is written based on the function that discribed on the user story & make sure you included some AC. 







Login function -. user story 
                                           expected result
test case 1: login as an Admin               10 modules 
test case 2: login as a student               8 modules
test case 3: login as a teacher              10 modules
test case 4: login with wrong/invalid password 
test case 5: login with wrong/invalid username 
test case 6: click login button without any credentials 


after analyze my test cases description / test scenario / test case summary, i found that TC1 & TC3 has the same expected resule, I can just create 1 test case.  



pre-condition : 

delete a picture from the website. -> user story 

pre-condition: there should be at least 1 picture is on the website. 



Edit a user account -> user story 

        Asiya --> Asya 

pre-condition: at least one account should be exist with original info 



------

test steps : 

It does not start from login page/ function always. 

access to a course on Canvas -> user story 

  step1 : user on the dashboard 
  step2: user click a course (java)
  step3: user lauch on the course page


search an item -> test data s the item name iphone? java book? 

fill a form -> data of birth -> the numbers are test data 
               name -> the name you use is test data 






















